# StormLess

### Overview :

StormLess helps you build your .less css files localy before pushing them with PhpStorm. This way you can avoid using the slow less.js builder on your browser.

### Install :

1. Get your nodejs running localy
2. clone the repository where you like. Lessc 1.3.1 is bundled with it.
3. Open Phpstorm's Preferences > External Tools
4. Add a new tool, name it as you like
5. Set the program path to /StormLess/*your_os*/build.js
6. Set `$FilePath$ $FilePathRelativeToProjectRoot$` as parameters
7. Profit.

### Usage :


Setup some shortcuts to execute the script, if you work with a remote webserver it should sync after each build.

StormLess will try several methods to correctly build your css.

#####1. It will look for a "master" stylesheet
This mode will build less files written in Twitter Bootstrap's way. In this configuration, a single less file is importing all the other stylesheets (ex : bootstrap.less). 

It would be pointless to try and build every file independantly as they all depend on each other.
StormLess will look for the importing file in the current folder (default __style.less) and build from there.

#####2. It will look for a stormless.json config
This file is generated by build.js and contains special directives reguarding linked files.

#####3. It will build a single file
Also, if that's what you need.



### Config.js :
Clone [Kodeine](https://github.com/kappuccino/kodeine) and copy build.js in /tool/stormless/ .
Run the script to automatically build a stormless.json config file.
You can now build individual .less files without worrying about who depends on what.